We’re sharing some data which belongs to one of Performalytic’s retail clients (accessed via the Google Forms link below).

The task is split into two parts.

Part 1: From the data provided please can you produce a presentation including the following charts:

1. A seasonality chart for revenue and average order value

​It would be great if you could annotate your chart with a few bullet points of your findings

​Extra marks if you can elaborate on how the client would find this useful

2. A chart showing the ranking of sales, by brand

3. Any other visualisations you would like to include that can showcase interesting insights from the data


​Again, please include annotations and why you’ve concluded that these areas would be of interest to the client

Part 2: Additionally, we’d like you to tell us:

1. What is the average cost of the best-selling product?

2. By tracking the customer’s purchase history, how might this benefit the client’s approach to marketing?

3. Are any elements you would have liked to explore further but didn’t have the required data fields or access to suitable software?


You can access the data and submit your response using this link:

[https://forms.gle/SeyyVf4x4hUAugQ47](https://forms.gle/SeyyVf4x4hUAugQ47)

When you click the link you’ll be able to upload your presentation, your workings, and your responses to the specific questions.

If you have any issues with this, you can also email your submission to [hello@pollencareers.co.uk](mailto:hello@pollencareers.co.uk) (but we’d prefer it if you used the link if possible please!).

The deadline for this task is Monday 26th June at 11:59pm. If you do have any concerns please feel free to email me directly and we’ll do our best to help :-)

Remember, this task is designed to be fun - so if you don’t enjoy doing it, it’s probably a sign that this job isn’t right for you! And that’s fine! The great news? You know what jobs to stop applying for, and where you can start to narrow your search.